Add per-node climb speed modifier (try 2) (#14267)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.md

    -- (see `liquid_move_physics`), the movement speed will also be
    -- affected by the `movement_liquid_*` settings.

    climb_factor = 1.0,

>     -- The speed at which a climbable node can be climbed is multiplied
>     -- with this number. Must not be negative. No effect if node isn't
>     -- climbable.

Reviewer: up,down and s/with/by/
```suggestion
    -- The speed at which a climbable node can be climbed up and down
    -- is multiplied by this number. Must not be negative. No effect if
    -- node isn't climbable.
```

Might also be worth noting here that climb speed depends on horizontal walking speed.

>     -- Note: The base climbing speed is controlled by the setting
>     -- `movement_speed_climb`.

Reviewer 2: should also mention the physics override, e.g. like this:

```suggestion
    -- Note: The base climbing speed is controlled by the setting
    -- `movement_speed_climb` multiplied by the physics override `speed_climb`.
```

>     -- change the setting "movement_speed_climb".

Reviewer 3: Isn't it a bad idea to advise modders to change settings when they have no proper way to reset them? Why not advise them to use the physics override instead?

(That said, movement probably shouldn't be controlled by such settings...)

    -- (see `liquid_move_physics`), the movement speed will also be
    -- affected by the `movement_liquid_*` settings.

    climb_factor = 1.0,
    -- The speed at which a climbable node can be climbed up and down
    -- is multiplied by this number. Must not be negative. No effect if
    -- node isn't climbable.
    -- Note: The base climbing speed is controlled by the setting
    -- `movement_speed_climb` multiplied by the physics override `speed_climb`.

> 

Reviewer 4: Please move below  `climbable` (a few lines up).
